SOURCE: https://www.jdsoft.com/career-jpm.html
RETRIEVED: 2026-09-03 via direct tool-mediated fetch of the target URL (jdsoft.com, JD Software's own first-party careers page).

Junior Project Manager
at JD Software - (View all jobs)

About JD Software
JD Software is a growing GovTech company based in Salem, MA, specializing in innovative SaaS solutions for the public sector.
We help government agencies streamline essential services like licensing and regulatory compliance with our flagship product arc.
From supporting licensing for various health professions to enhancing regulatory processes, we focus on delivering real value through collaboration and technology.

Are you an energetic professional with excellent attention to detail who is ready to hit the ground running at a dynamic growing company? As a Junior Project Manager at JD Software, you will work as part of a dedicated team of engineers delivering cutting-edge solutions for the public sector. The position will provide exposure to a wide variety of technologies and the business problems those technologies can solve. This position will provide you with an excellent opportunity for career advancement as JD Software is entering a major growth phase.

The Junior Project Manager will work under the direction of the Senior Project Manager and will be responsible for the day-to-day management of ongoing projects.

Responsibilities will include
Develop project deliverables, status reports, and other work products including project plans, schedules, and documentation
Provide regular status updates and report to clients
Record, triage, track, and escalate client issues
Lead client meetings and product demonstrations
Develop and document client requirements
Serve as the main point of contact for multiple clients
Develop a strong working knowledge of all systems supported by the company

Ideally, we are looking for candidates who possess the following requirements and credentials:
Excellent organization skills
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Self-directed yet reports to the Senior Technical Project Manager
Prior project management experience using both Agile and Waterfall techniques in IT-related projects
Knowledge of the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC)
Demonstrated ability to work directly with diverse business and technical teams
BS in a relevant discipline or, an equivalent combination of education, training, and experience
Project Management Professional (PMP) or Project Management Institute (PMI) certification is a plus
Experience in public sector IT consulting a plus
Knowledge of the management of public sector licensing and permitting processes is a plus

This is an ideal time to join a JD software as it expands its service offerings. We offer a very competitive compensation package and excellent career growth opportunities.

If you meet the job requirements above, we'd love to hear from you! Please reach out to us at careers@jdsoft.com

Contact: sales@jdsoft.com, careers@jdsoft.com, Tel: (978) 912-7169, Fax: (617) 419-1060
Address: 27 Congress Street, Suite 1310, Salem, MA 01970
